# Summary
You are a mail clerk for the city of Boston and, as such, you oversee the delivery of mail across the city. For the most part, all packages sent are eventually delivered. Except, every once in while, a mystery falls into your lap: a missing package! For each customer that comes to you with a report of a missing package, your job is to determine:

The current address (or location!) of their missing package

The type of address or location (e.g. residential, business, etc.)

The contents of the package

All you know is what the customers themselves will tell you. To solve each mystery, you’ll need to use the mail delivery service’s database, packages.db, which contains data on the transit of packages around the city. Using just the information in the database, your task is to help each customer find their missing package.

# Query
### The Lost Letter
A congratulatory letter in a city mailbox, in the style of a plein air painting
“A congratulatory letter in a city mailbox, in the style of a plein air painting,” generated by DALL·E 2

Your first report of a missing package comes from Anneke. Anneke walks up to your counter and tells you the following:

Clerk, my name’s Anneke. I live over at 900 Somerville Avenue. Not long ago, I sent out a special letter. It’s meant for my friend Varsha. She’s starting a new chapter of her life at 2 Finnegan Street, uptown. (That address, let me tell you: it was a bit tricky to get right the first time.) The letter is a congratulatory note—a cheery little paper hug from me to her, to celebrate this big move of hers. Can you check if it’s made its way to her yet?

In log.sql, underneath -- *** The Lost Letter ***, keep track of the SQL queries you use to find Anneke’s lost letter. Once you’ve found it, describe it per the questions in answers.txt.

### The Devious Delivery
A small package, in the back of a modern delivery van driving in the city, in the style of a plein air painting
“A small package, in the back of a modern delivery van driving in the city, in the style of a plein air painting,” generated by DALL·E 2

Your second report of a missing package comes from a mysterious fellow from out of town. They walk up to your counter and tell you the following:

Good day to you, deliverer of the mail. You might remember that not too long ago I made my way over from the town of Fiftyville. I gave a certain box into your reliable hands and asked you to keep things low. My associate has been expecting the package for a while now. And yet, it appears to have grown wings and flown away. Ha! Any chance you could help clarify this mystery? Afraid there’s no “From” address. It’s the kind of parcel that would add a bit more… quack to someone’s bath times, if you catch my drift.

In log.sql, underneath -- *** The Devious Delivery ***, keep track of the SQL queries you use to find the package. Once you’ve found it, describe it per the questions in answers.txt.

### The Forgotten Gift
A gift-wrapped package for a birthday, on a city doorstep, in the style of a plein air painting
“A gift-wrapped package for a birthday, on a city doorstep, in the style of a plein air painting,” generated by DALL·E 2

Your third report of a missing package comes from a grandparent who lives down the street from the post office. They approach your counter and tell you the following:

Oh, excuse me, Clerk. I had sent a mystery gift, you see, to my wonderful granddaughter, off at 728 Maple Place. That was about two weeks ago. Now the delivery date has passed by seven whole days and I hear she still waits, her hands empty and heart filled with anticipation. I’m a bit worried wondering where my package has gone. I cannot for the life of me remember what’s inside, but I do know it’s filled to the brim with my love for her. Can we possibly track it down so it can fill her day with joy? I did send it from my home at 109 Tileston Street.

In log.sql, underneath -- *** The Forgotten Gift ***, keep track of the SQL queries you use to find the gift. Once you’ve found it, describe it per the questions in answers.txt.

# Solution to Requests
### The Lost Letter
At what type of address did the Lost Letter end up?: Residential

At what address did the Lost Letter end up?: 2 Finnigan Street

### The Devious Delivery
At what type of address did the Devious Delivery end up?: Police Station

What were the contents of the Devious Delivery?: Duck debugger

### The Forgotten Gift
What are the contents of the Forgotten Gift?: Flowers

Who has the Forgotten Gift?: Mikel

# Schema
### addresses table
The addresses table contains the following columns:

id, which is the ID of the address

address, which is the street address itself (i.e., 7660 Sharon Street)

type, which is the type of address (i.e., residential, commercial, etc.)

### drivers table
The drivers table contains the following columns:

id, which is the ID of the driver

name, which is the first name of the driver

### packages table
The packages table contains the following columns:

id, which is the ID of the package

contents, which contains the contents of the package

from_address_id, which is the ID of the address from which the package was sent

to_address_id, which is the ID of the address to which the package was sent. It’s not necessarily where it ended up!

### scans table
The scans table contains the following columns:

id, which is the ID of the scan

driver_id, which is the ID of the driver who created the scan

package_id, which is the ID of the package scanned

address_id, which is the ID of the address where the package was scanned

action, which indicates whether the package was picked up (“Pick”) or dropped off (“Drop”)

timestamp, which is the day and time at which the package was scanned

